#Testing
**_Unit tests:_** Unit tests are written by developers and focus on isolated components of an application. Depending on your approach, this may be a single class or a collection of classes. The only key defining elements in our opinion are that the unit test is not coupled to any server resources (these are typically stubbed out as part of the test process) and executes very quickly. It must be possible to execute an entire suite of unit tests from within an IDE and get the results in a matter of seconds. Unit test execution can be automated and is often configured to happen automatically as part of every merge to a configuration management system. 
**_Integration tests:_** Integration tests are also written by developers and focus on use cases within an application. They are still typically decoupled from the application server, but the difference between a unit test and an integration test is that the integration test makes full use of external resources such as a database. In effect, an integration test takes a component from an application and runs in isolation as if it were still inside the application server. Running the test locally makes it much faster than a test hosted in an application server, but still slower than a unit test. Integration tests are also automated and often run at least daily to ensure that there are no regressions introduced by developers. 
**_Functional tests:_** Functional tests are the black box tests written and automated by quality engineers instead of developers. Quality engineers look at the functional specification for a product and its user interface, and seek to automate tests that can verify product behavior without understanding (or caring) how it is implemented. Functional tests are a critical part of the application development process, but it is unrealistic to execute these tests as part of the day-to-day work done by a developer. Automated execution of these tests often takes place on a different schedule, independent of the regular development process. 
**_Acceptance tests:_** Acceptance tests are customer-driven. These tests, usually conducted manually, are carried out directly by customers or representatives who play the role of the customer. The goal of an acceptance test is to verify that the requirements set out by the customer are fulfilled in the user interface and behavior of the application.

 